Update README.md (#5)
YemowtRonoc/process-priority-manager: README.md

The values on the left in the above table will be the possible values for use as ```process_priority``` in the ```process_config.json``` configuration file.

## Build from source
1. Install Rust for windows.
2. clone and unzip. 
3. cd to the project directory (the one that contains `Cargo.tml`)

> 4. run `cargo build`

Reviewer: I would personally prefer it to be more explicit, i.e.

2. Clone this repository and then extract the zip. (Alternatively: `git clone https://github.com/YemowtRonoc/process-priority-manager`

Also, I would just capitalise the 'r' for "Run" on step 4

Author: Does this way looking good?

```suggestion
2. Clone this repository and then extract the zip. (Alternatively: git clone https://github.com/YemowtRonoc/process-priority-manager
3. `cd` to the project directory (the one that contains `Cargo.tml`)
4. Run `cargo build`
```

Reviewer: That's exactly what I meant. I'm happy enough to merge that once it's committed
